guys here we are back on another video
special today than December 25th
I'm recording it's definitely loaded
same day this special lives of
Christmas and Christmas was a very Christmas
nice for me it seems that the gifts
fun and enjoyable for me for mine
family
I hope that you are loved so much between
I wish you happy holidays
for what remains of this here between
the other
I'll put it in the form of an update
of the channel so I also take advantage of it
to do an update they have then
time that I don't do it there are some
things that have to be said because it has passed
so kind that follows a video not for
school this time not this time
for school but because I had the
temperature
in fact everyone perhaps feels with his voice
a little different I have a fever
hi I had a fever now it's over
immediately it is nothing wishes you happy holidays
so best wishes or all
for speech games it is always that
there is chrono trigger that will soon begin
is the story is almost over missing
but very little with all things
optional that there are to do
we are only in the middle of the former play po
exaggerated problems says a lot but a lot
so two crosses to do to finish the
played for a hundred and I'll do it then
contri that at least 40 parties do not know, however,
so many parts still no pro maybe I do
a bit of cuts is not said
maybe you can't have months this year
try the story anyway and this is it
finished that is the things to do to finish
just the story itself that is
probably nothing
so the next vidic roth richeri has
I have already loaded the days , of course
as he had already done and two days later
one of chrono triggers comes from
days should come moody and nepi
coregista in four days made us
then
floating still have some epic but
yet cnet I read that is long but
with the ninja now that I've stopped
make the level a level for part two
more round from here I propose is less than
twenty parts
and therefore for reasons that end first
net marco the ninja but I don't decide now
what to do because when i am there
mark of best I will make a video part in
which I will show the various options including
among which he chooses the former as her new e
then you choose you make the options that
God
nothing then you see what you will choose
sure that if you type brash brow
picnic games put 9 this is not true
so I'm not sure I 'll put b
so why you play it for the last
console played very little this time
I'm playing on the net just say flash
it is indeed true a bit even to the qds environment
on the other hand, it's amazing
I am a great lover of the saga
here you know it because he commented
with stupendous I played you all
except with the spin off that now everyone
Japanese
does not shit clod for every
everybody played here I still haven't finished
I'm in the third chapter
the first two are beautiful
and this because of what little I have
played pretty cute ok enough
whistle for dinner anyway since I am
he's having a lot of fun with nepi
enjoying this idea of ​​making let's play
line surely surely among the
present that I'll put later but with
veninger at least 1 and blind safe hines
professional all the blinds do not believe
however fly is possible
I don't know why they want to say maybe
started amusing me and then me
say that the more you register because me
I enjoy more to record a game than
I don't know or like to play for it
first time rather than recording
a game that I already know all about
just show yourself as if in front
tiburon trigger because I enjoy it
a lot and the rutile strikes it was
also marco de ninja but a nepi that
often acquired that there are five
You especially're having the oldest
maybe even country for game types
that because Mr. g that exists only
it is not that I would enjoy this other one
indeed perhaps they have seen the former play
we were salemi it went on second
the tissue you run out of funds
however instead the former play my costumes
pushes to go on sincerely
what tells me a lot because it's a game
fantastic
given this update and I don't know
even if I do it like the others, that is
to hear it as a background that I play
like the old classic ones I did
he puts a picture of me talking
oh well I ca n't find anything else to say
the video ends here
if you would have chosen that clicked
thumb pointing a sunny me if
we ca n't see ourselves as a possible
hello guys and best wishes to the next